fixed typos, convert US to GB eng spelling (#253)
GSK-Biostatistics/tfrmt: vignettes/body_plan.Rmd

## Format (`frmt`)

> The `frmt` object is used to specify how a value should appear in a table: its number of digits, any white space padding, or extra characters, such as percentages or parentheses. In pharma, it is a common convention to use x's to represent data values in mock tables. As such, the `frmt` complies with this familiar convention. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `frmt` object is used to specify how a value should appear in a table: its number of digits, any white space padding, or extra characters, such as percent signs or parentheses. In pharma, it is a common convention to use x's to represent data values in mock tables. As such, the `frmt` complies with this familiar convention. For example:
```
